[SDK-94] Release branch (#5)
readyplayerme/rpm-unreal-avatar-creator: README.md

## Quick Start

A demo map is included in the plugin for demonstrating how the **Sample Avatar Creator** opens at runtime. It is located in the `RpmAvatarCreator\Content\Maps` folder.
To add the AvatarCreator widget to your project simply copy the existing blueprint logic from the demo map into your project.

AvatarCreator is a widget that can be added to a map or another widget.

> Inside the DemoMap we create and add the widget to the viewport.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Inside the AvatarCreatorDemo map we create and add the widget to the viewport.
```
This is referring to the creator demo map right?
